feat!: Migrate GitHub plugin to v2 (#1776)
cloudquery/cloudquery: plugins/source/github/docs/index.md

CloudQuery requires only *read* permissions (we will never make any changes to your GitHub account or organizations),
so, following the principle of least privilege, it's recommended to grant it read-only permissions.

First, generate the configuration template using the following command:
```bash
cloudquery gen source github
```

> After that up fill in the `access_token` and `orgs` values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, edit `github.yml` and set the `access_token` and `orgs` values. 
```
